it'd be easy to interpret him telling
women you know on the first date
sometimes it was literally the first day
were within the first week that he was
in love with them that he wanted to have
a baby with them that they should get
pregnant this day he did this repeatedly
many different women okay you could look
at that as him being lying and
manipulative that he's just trying to
seduce this woman so he says these
things we doesn't mean but of course
it's much more tragic if you understand
that he is deeply committed to his own
form of dishonesty to such an extent
that he considers himself to have been
truthful not just in the moment but in
looking back on it now for instance if
person a is dating person B and person C
is told by person B that you were not
just with person a one of the most
honest viewers here but person a told
person B and communicated back and forth
that it was in fact okay to with person
C and person C doesn't tell person a
that person B said hey you can't with
this person one of the most honest
youtubers here it's important to
actually confess to that other person
that you weren't supposed to with them
because they don't know and you wind up
being on person B with person a no a lie
is something that you say that you know
for a fact when you say it that it's
untrue there's sense of integrity your
sense of justice right and wrong all
these morals that you project can't
admit when you're wrong can't confess
your own flaws there are people who say
things you know like hey I'll be there
at six o'clock and you're not there at
six o'clock that's not a liar that's a
person who didn't actually follow
through the plans they made because they
didn't at the moment know that they want
to be able to make one of the most
honest you do is here and that's why I
say you know I'm honest because I
literally think about telling the truth
all the time in the moment I'm telling
the truth and I don't ever go hmmm
that's a lie but I'm gonna say it anyway
what's up what are you doing oh my
ex-sister-in-law 'aa I just wanted to
check out her
[Music]
you dude okay you act like you wish you
married your ex sister-in-law instead of
your ex-wife Wow holy Sh
you really you really do wish you Wow
Wow
cutting a little bit a little deep there
a lot of you don't even care that you're
wrong it doesn't even matter what the
truth is one of the most honest
youtubers here what does it mean to meet
someone and on the first date tell them
that you love them what does it mean to
say to somebody within say one week of
meeting face-to-face that you want to
get married you want to have a kid with
them initia has a long track record of
this kind of behavior and you know I can
give him some credit he at least does
make fun of himself for it it's not just
as various ex-girlfriends and ex-wives
who said this about him but you know he
does say it of himself with a little bit
of humility and a little bit of mockery
if you don't really know someone and you
tell them that you love them I don't
think it's really possible for that
statement to be honest or dishonest in a
simple sense I mean maybe you're in love
with the idea of them maybe you're in
love with a fantasy you have about them
or even in love with a set of
assumptions you know them and guys this
has happened to me several times where I
have met women and right off the bat
they say they want to get married to me
that one I've kid with me that they're
in love with me one of those
relationships turned into my first
marriage it turned into my first divorce
and you know I don't blame her but of
course if you look back at that you know
what can you say for either party
involved I mean you know you met someone
you barely know them you tell yourself
you're in love with them you tell them
you're in love with them is it the truth
maybe you only find out later when
you're looking back on what that
relationship was now what an isiand
lacks is
humility and it's the lack of humility
it's the megalomania it's the ego mania
feel like that makes his form of honesty
completely meaningless in what sense can
we claim that he's being honest when he
tells us as he tells us again and again
and again in what sense
could he be honest when he tells us that
he was in love with every single woman
he ever had sex with that he's never had
casual sex in his life that he only has
sex with women
was actually in love with him who he's
in love with them on the same level as
the woman he married and had two kids
with okay so if if that were true if we
could believe that if we could treat him
as being honest then the whole story of
what happened with him and Sara suddenly
becomes tragic from his perspective from
her perspective or many perspectives
because then the story becomes he's a
man who employed his 16 year old as a
babysitter she hung around and when she
was 18 a few days after she turned 18 he
had sex with her
so what point did he fall in love with
her right because he says he absolutely
only has sexual relations with people he
is in love with and committed to you on
that same level as his wife as the
mother of his children well you know he
made that video in which he insulted the
audience and reproached the audience for
imagining that he had a sexual relation
with Sara he clarified that he
absolutely never had done anything
sexual with her in the past and he
stated that he never would and according
to Sara a couple of days after he made
that video he did have sex and so it
would be much easier to interpret all of
this behavior as lying as manipulative
as dishonest it'd be easy to interpret
him telling women you know on the first
date
sometimes it was literally the first day
were within the first week that he was
in love with them that he wanted to have
a baby with them that they should get
pregnant this day he did this repeated
many different women okay you could look
at that as him being lying and
manipulative that he's just trying to
seduce this woman so he says these
things we doesn't mean but of course
it's much more tragic if you understand
that he is deeply committed to his own
form of dishonesty to such an extent
that he considers himself to have been
truthful not just in the moment but in
looking back on it now also he can't
look back on that you know as I just did
with my first wife and say like yeah he
thought he was in love or he told
himself that he was in love and he told
this person that he was in love but
really they were complete strangers
really looking back at it this is
someone he had a few emails with and a
few Skype conversations with and then
the minute they met and went to a hotel
room you know he took the plunge he went
off the deep end it doesn't take a whole
lot of maturity or a whole lot of
humility to look back at that and see a
kind of dishonesty even in him telling
the woman that he's in love with her and
a whole other level of dishonesty of him
coming on YouTube and telling the
internet that he was in love with her
that he's been completely profoundly in
love with all these women he slept with
some of them were just short-term love
affairs and some of them five minutes
after he was saying he was completely in
love and he'd found the one he'd found
the woman he'd spend the rest of her
life with he comes on the internet and
horribly humiliates these women this is
also a pattern and he says he's being
honest the whole time that it's not
manipulative it's not preventive he's
not aware of it he's lying yeah was it
the lack the lack of self-awareness that
that part I can believe what we want to
talk about isn't the difference between
honesty and dishonesty but maybe the
difference between being overcome with
desire and understanding the way things
really are with dispassion and
attachment anytime grown man tells you
that he's got to redefine the meaning of
the term truth he's got to redefine the
meaning of the term lie that he's going
to explain to you his particular
definition what it means tell
discussions already over you know
there's nothing more to debate there
anytime someone tells you they're gonna
redefine the meaning of the term racism
either to make the definition of racism
so narrow that almost nobody's race or
sometimes they redefine racism to make
it so broad that 99% of people are
racist there's nothing to debate there
the conversation is already over in
redefining the terms the person engaged
in the redefinition they're revealing to
you what their motivations are and
they're revealing to you also the way in
which they justify themselves they
manipulate themselves know a lie is
something that you say that you know for
a fact when you say it that it's untrue
I literally think about telling the
truth all the time in the moment I'm
telling the truth I don't think anyone
alive I don't think anyone including a
nisshin's wife or husband
laney kaya I don't think anyone believes
in his definition of the truth but he
has a sense of his own moral purpose
that leads him to cling to this notion
insist on this notion because it's the
only thing that separates him from a
lying manipulative scumbag in the same
way that a priest in the Dark Ages would
find justification by faith alone his
justification is that he really was in
love of these women and that more than
anything else is tragic
[Music]